[EN/ZH] TNMT: Initial article (#2357)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Tournaments/TNMT/1/en.md

# :thonking: Newbie mania Tournament

![TNMT Logo](img/logo.png)

The **:thonking: Newbie mania Tournament** (***TNMT***) is a one-on-one osu!mania 4K tournament hosted by CJB and TMT Team.

## Tournament Schedule

> | Event | Time |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Event | Timestamp |
```

| --: | :-- |
| Registration Phase | 2019-07-13/2019-08-03 |

> | Qualifiers Showcase | 2019-8-10 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Qualifiers Showcase | 2019-08-10 |
```

> | Qualifiers Showcase | 2019-08-10 |

Reviewer 2: Taken from translation.
```suggestion
| Qualifiers Showcase | 2019-08-10 (12:00 UTC+0) |
```

| Qualifiers | 2019-08-17/2019-08-18 |

> | Live Drawings | 2019-08-18 |

Reviewer 2: Taken from translation.
```suggestion
| Live Drawings | 2019-08-18 (12:00 UTC+0) |
```

| Group Stage | 2019-08-24/2019-08-25 |
| Round of 16 | 2019-08-31/2019-09-01 |
| Quarterfinals | 2019-09-07/2019-09-08 |
| Semifinals | 2019-09-14/2019-09-15 |
| Finals - Week 1 | 2019-09-21/2019-09-22 |
| Finals - Week 2 | 2019-09-28/2019-09-29 |

## Prize

All prizes are sponsored by **![][flag_CN] [hans1999](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6679329)**.

| Placing | Prize(s) |
| :-: | :-- |
| ![](/wiki/shared/GCrown.png) | 3 months of osu!supporter tag, unique profile badge |
| ![](/wiki/shared/SCrown.png) | 2 months of osu!supporter tag |

> | ![](/wiki/shared/BCrown.png) | 1 months of osu!supporter tag |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ![](/wiki/shared/BCrown.png) | 1 month of osu!supporter tag |
```

## Organisation

| Position | Member(s) |

> | :-: | :-- |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| :-- | :-- |
```

| Management | ![][flag_CN] [hans1999](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6679329), ![][flag_CA] [Sinaeb](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1576095) |

> | Coordinator | ![][flag_SG] [Polytetral](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8612061), ![][flag_CN] [kj415j45](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9367540) |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Coordinators | ![][flag_SG] [Polytetral](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8612061), ![][flag_CN] [kj415j45](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9367540) |
```

| Referees | ![][flag_CN] [Flow Light](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6705256), ![][flag_HK] [zero2snow](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7751516), ![][flag_CN] [kj415j45](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9367540), ![][flag_CN] [Rasis](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1209363), ![][flag_CN] [IA daisuki](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11238501), ![][flag_CN] [crazybrother](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8045083), ![][flag_CN] [aiyulu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/189617), ![][flag_CA] [Sinaeb](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1576095) |
| Commentators | ![][flag_CN] [crazybrother](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8045083), ![][flag_CN] [hans1999](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6679329), ![][flag_CN] [NimaPro](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11524571), ![][flag_SG] [Polytetral](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8612061), ![][flag_CN] [Rasis](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1209363), ![][flag_CN] [Snowkyou](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12513448), ![][flag_AU] [PotassiumF](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4247722) |
| Designer | ![][flag_HK] [Chaoslitz](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3621552) |
| Wiki | ![][flag_CN] [kj415j45](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9367540) |

## Links

> - [Sign up](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfq_yw61wfi9NyLxmTvBDw-rzwyqsYYHt_5udh5pMmX0iPQdA/viewform)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Registration form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfq_yw61wfi9NyLxmTvBDw-rzwyqsYYHt_5udh5pMmX0iPQdA/viewform)
```

> - [Challonge](https://challonge.com/TNMT)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Challonge brackets](https://challonge.com/TNMT)
```

> - [Discord](https://discord.gg/nxWEjpW)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Discord server](https://discord.gg/nxWEjpW)
```

- [QQ Group](https://jq.qq.com/?_wv=1027&k=5XdDR3K)

> - [Forum post](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/933542)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Discussion thread](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/933542)
```
And you may want to put it on the top

- Livestream
  - [Official Twitch](https://www.twitch.tv/thonkingtourney)
  - [IA daisuki](https://live.bilibili.com/4353181)
  - [kj415j45](https://okinawa.loli.land/live)
  - [Rasis](https://live.bilibili.com/5333)
  - [Sinaeb](https://www.twitch.tv/sinbae_)

## Ruleset

### Registration

> - The following conditions should be satisfied to register in the Tournaments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Participants must met the following conditions in order for their registration to count.
```

>   - Rank of osu!mania should **not above #4000**, and the highest historical rank is **lower than #3000**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Rank of osu!mania should **not be above #4000**, and the highest historical rank is **lower than #3000**.
```

  - Have a good standing in osu!community and other tournaments in recent years.

> - List of participants will be submit to osu! Tournament Team. Player who don't meet the requirements will be removed from list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- List of participants will be submitted to the osu! Tournament Team. Player who do not meet the requirements will be removed from the list.
```

> - List of participants will be submitted to the osu! Tournament Team. Player who do not meet the requirements will be removed from the list.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- List of participants will be submitted to the osu! Tournament Team. Players who do not meet the requirements will be removed from the list.
```

- Staff (except commentators) are not allowed to sign up.

> - After osu! Tournament Team's review, players met requirements will receive notification email.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- After osu! Tournament Team's review, players whom met requirements will receive notification via email.
```

> - After osu! Tournament Team's review, players whom met requirements will receive notification via email.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- After osu! Tournament Team's review, players whom met requirements will receive a notification via email.
```

### Overview

> All the mappools are in FreeMod. If player want to enable DT, NC or HT, the opponent must agree with it and inform the referee. All mappools except Qualifiers have a Tiebreaker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the mappools are in FreeMod. If player wants to enable DT, NC or HT, both players must agree with the decision and inform the referee about the changes. All mappools except Qualifiers have a Tiebreaker.
```

> All the mappools are in FreeMod. If player wants to enable DT, NC or HT, both players must agree with the decision and inform the referee about the changes. All mappools except Qualifiers have a Tiebreaker.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All the mappools are in FreeMod. If a player wants to enable DT, NC or HT, both players must agree with the decision and inform the referee about the changes. All mappools except Qualifiers have a Tiebreaker.
```

> - Qualifiers: **32 leading players** descending order by total score will advance to Group Stage. **4 maps** in pool.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Qualifiers: **32 leading players** in descending order by total score will advance to Group Stage. **4 maps** in pool.
```

- Group Stage: 32 or less players will be divide into groups and play in single round-robin. The best **2 players** of each group will advance to Round of 16. **9+1 maps** in pool, **BO7**.
- Round of 16 and further: double-elimination
  - Round of 16: **11+1 maps** in pool, **BO9**.
  - Quarterfinals: **11+1 maps** in pool, **BO9**.
  - Semifinals: **13+1 maps** in pool, **BO11**.
  - Finals - Week 1: **13+1 maps** in pool, **BO11**.
  - Finals - Week 2: **15+1 maps** in pool, **BO13**.

### General Rules

CJB & TMT Team has the ultimate power of interpretation.

- **Notice: Any and all whom we deem as a "cheater" or "suspicious", screened by both the tourney and the official osu! staff, will be removed from tournament immediately.**

- Join match

>   - The match room has **TNMT** as prefix and players in this match will receive invitation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - The match room has **TNMT** as prefix and players in this match will receive an invitation.
```

  - Players should enter the room 10 minutes before match time.
- Disconnection

>   - If disconnect happened **in 30 seconds after map started**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - If disconnect happened **30 seconds after map started**
```

>     - Inform the referee so disconnected player can ask for re-attempted.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Inform the referee so disconnected player can ask to reattempt.
```

>     - Only 2 chances to re-attempted.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Only 2 chances to reattempt.
```

>   - If disconnect happened **in 30 seconds before map end**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - If disconnect happened **30 seconds before map ends**
```

    - If player finish the map, he should upload the score screenshot through `Shift`+`F12` and give the link to referee.
- Match (not apply to Qualifiers)
  - Room settings will be **Team VS, Score V2**.

>   1. Warm-up

Reviewer: Line the indentation, it's currently broken (for others too)

>     - If player finish the map, he should upload the score screenshot through `Shift`+`F12` and give the link to referee.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - If the player finishes the map, they should upload the score screenshot through `Shift`+`F12` and give the link to referee.
```

      - Referee will give host to random player, he can select any downloadable **osu!mania 4K** map. If the map is longer than 4 minutes, player should have agreement with his opponent and inform the referee. Then exchange host, play the second warm-up map.
  2. Roll & Ban
      - After warm-up, send `!roll` to `#multiplayer` channel for rolling points. The loser of rolling points can ban a map first, then the winner. If draw, re-roll points.
  3. Pick & Play
      - Should not pick the map that banned in Roll & Ban.
      - Should not pick the map that picked.
      - Should not pick the Tiebreaker.
      - The winner of rolling points will pick the first map, then exchange host every round.
      - The interval between rounds shall **not be longer than 3 minutes**. Referee has right to force-start the round in 15 seconds after that.
      - If draw, this round will be treated as invalid and the map will be marked as un-picked. Exchange the picker and play other map.
  4. Tiebreaker
      - If both players reach the match point, the Tiebreaker will be used in this round.
  5. Pause

>       - If player has some unexpected things to do and need a pause, inform the referee and set a timer. Pause can **not be longer than 5 minutes**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      - If the player has some unexpected things to do and needs a pause, they should inform the referee and a timer will be set. Pause can **not be longer than 5 minutes**.
```

- Overtime

>   - Player not enter his room in time, or disconnect from a started match will be treated as Overtime. If Overtime timer of the player reached **10 minutes**, he will lost the match.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Players who do not enter his room in time, or disconnect from a started match will be treated as Overtime. If the Overtime timer of the player reached **10 minutes**, they will lose the match.
```

### Qualifiers

- The Team will release a schedule of Qualifiers, players can select which time to play from it. However, Max player of each time is 6. First come, first served.
- Room settings will be **Head To Head, Score V2**.
- Referee will select map as the order of pool and each map will be played twice. The highest score will be recorded. Only **1 minute** between each play.

### Group Stage

> - Group Stage will play in single round-robin. The best **2 players** of each group will advance to Round of 16. It arranged from highest priority to lowest:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Group Stage will be played under single round-robin. **2 best players** from each group will advance to Round of 16 stage. The priority range from highest to lowest priority explained as follows:
```

>   1. More matches win.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  1. More matches won.
```

# :thonking: Newbie mania Tournament

![TNMT Logo](img/logo.png)

The **:thonking: Newbie mania Tournament** (***TNMT***) is a one-on-one osu!mania 4K tournament hosted by CJB and TMT Team.

## Tournament Schedule

| Event | Timestamp |
| --: | :-- |
| Registration Phase | 2019-07-13/2019-08-03 |

> | Qualifiers Showcase | 2019-08-10 (12:00 UTC+0)  |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Qualifiers Showcase | 2019-08-10 (12:00 UTC+0) |
```

| Qualifiers | 2019-08-17/2019-08-18 |

> | Live Drawings | 2019-08-18 (12:00 UTC+0)  |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Live Drawings | 2019-08-18 (12:00 UTC+0) |
```
